  There once was a thousand-year-old weasel named Bob who lived in a busy city. He worked as web developer, and everyday he road his sloth, Frank, to work.  From the day that Bob started his first job and for hundreds of years, Frank safely got Bob to work despite the high sloth to sloth collision rate in the city. 
  One ordinary day on Bob's ride to work, a billboard caught his eye. "Three Wishes Inc. We make your wishes come true!," it read. Bob looked at his sloth and then back at the billboard. He knew immediately what he needed to do. 
  Bob squinted his weasel eyes against the glinting morning sunlight. He typed the billboard's phone number into his phone. Frank the sloth scratched at the gravel in frustration. He wanted to continue on so that they wouldn't hit sloth rush hour. Bob couldn't be late for work again.
  
  "Thank you for calling Three Wishes Inc. We make your wishes come true!"
  "Hello, my name is Bob."
  "Hi Bob! How can we help you?"
  "Can I wish for a million wishes? And how much is this gonna cost me?"
  "Well today is your lucky day because today and today only we are having a million wishes promotion." 
  "That's random," said Bob.
  "Well, we are here to make wishes come true Bob," the rep continued. 
  "Alright, tell me about this promotion." 
  The rep then explained, "well, if you press this button right now you will get one million wish." 
  "What butt-?!" Bob was confused and scared as a drone flew in with a box. 
  "There is a caveat to this Bob. If you push the button, a random person will be attacked by million bees released by Oprah."
 
"Are you kidding me?" thought Bob. Bob had never met Oprah, but he was quite certain that she was not the type of person who would release a million bees. Also, weren't bee populations at risk for extinction, or something? Bob had read somewhere that vanilla beans are so expensive because it has to be hand-pollinated by humans. Rounding up a million bees seemed highly improbable, to say the least. The whole thing seemed highly suspicious.
  "I think you're bluffing," Bob said. "I don't think you or Oprah have a million bees."
  There was a long pause at the other end of the line, but Bob was patient. 
"Hello? is this Bob " said a random voice on the phone
"Yes, who is this" ask Bob 
" This is Oprah,Bob, I've heard you don't believe that I have a million bee's" 
"Well that quite a lot of bees, oprah" said bob "I can't imagine anyone would have that many bee's."
"Well its true, and I can prove it you" said Oprah

All of a sudden a swarm of a million bee's appeard, there were so many bees that the blue sky turned into shades on yellow and black

"Yeep!" yelled Bob "BEES! THERE ARE SO MANY BEES!"
"Calm down Bob" said oprah with a soothing voice "You've seen that I have a million bee's now press the button to recieve your million wishes"

Bob needed no second thought and automatically pushed the button. 
Suddenly the bee's dispersed and the sky was blue again

"What ha-happened to the bee's?" 
"Well you pressed the button Bob now they will sting a random person "
"The weather is sunny"

